adding args to choose between cloud and local (#1605)
temporalio/documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

yarn prettier --write .prettierrc.json
```

## The Assembly Workflow

> If you inspect the `/docs` directory, you may notice that many of the files have a comment that the file is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you inspect the `/docs` directory, you might notice that many of the files contain the following comment:
```

```
<!-- THIS FILE IS GENERATED. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY -->
```

> These generated files are actually put together from many individual files or what we call Information Nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These generated files are actually put together from many individual files, which we call Information Nodes.
```

Most of these Information Nodes now live in the `docs-src` directory.

> The reasons for modularizing our information are many, but one of them is that it provides a fun use case for combing our pre-build processes, usually a set of independent scripts, into a Temporal Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasons for modularizing our information are many, but one of them is that it provides a fun use case for combining our pre-build processes, usually a set of independent scripts, into a Temporal Workflow.
```

The `assembly` directory is dedicated to the documentation site's Assembly Workflow.

> In the directory you will find the defined Workflows, Activities, Worker, guide configurations, and an application configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the directory are the defined Workflows, Activities, Worker, guide configurations, and an application configuration file.
```

> Each JSON configuration file in [assembly/guide-configs](assembly/guide-configs) represents a user facing narrative that pieces together the documentation information nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each JSON configuration file in [assembly/guide-configs](assembly/guide-configs) represents a user-facing narrative that pieces together the Information Nodes.
```

The Docs full assembly Workflow uses these configuration files to generate the guides, such as [Concepts](https://docs.temporal.io/temporal/#) and [Application development](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development-guide).

> The Assembly Workflow can be run using a local Cluster, such as [Temporalite](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development/foundations#temporalite), or run using [Temporal Cloud](https://docs.temporal.io/cloud/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Assembly Workflow can be run using a local Cluster (such as [Temporalite](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development/foundations#temporalite)) or [Temporal Cloud](https://docs.temporal.io/cloud/)
```

> If you are running this for the first time you will need to run `yarn` directly in the `assembly` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running this for the first time, you need to run `yarn` directly in the `assembly` directory.
```

**TIP**: Make your changes in the **source files** that are named in the configuration file.

> For example, if you found a typo in the Concept section _What is a Task?_, you would open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you found a typo in the Concept section _What is a Task?_, open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.
```

### Local Cluster

To run the Assembly Workflow using a local Cluster, such as Temporalite, do the following:

1. Make sure you are in the `assembly` directory and run the Worker:

```
./worker.js
```

2. In another terminal, from the root of the repo, run the following command:

```
yarn gen
```

### Temporal Cloud

> These steps assume you have a Temporal Cloud Account, and have already provisioned your Namespace, including a CA certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps assume you have a Temporal Cloud Account and have already provisioned your Namespace, including a CA certificate.
```

To run the Assembly Workflow using Temporal Cloud, do the following:

> 1. Create a the directory `assembly/secure` and populate it with the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the directory `assembly/secure` and populate it with the following files:
```
